gives the review he makes a video and wow in which he
puts him completely in his place
The truth is that ibais on this occasion has
given it to him and reminds him of his
hypocrisy and that he is not in the position
of condemning Luis rubiales for everything he
experienced with Goku coco in an interview He
talks again about his funa and states
that ibai is currently ignoring him the
twin Carlos talks to moto papi and
asks him what he would do if his girlfriend were
unfaithful to him with Goku moto
Papi's response is going to leave us indifferent nimu
talks about his case in andorra and announces that
in the next few days the
podcast will be out which by the way we
will broadcast exclusively the teaser lías and
cora return to live shows on Twitch and
goes and ignores Greg Ricky Eddy tries to
forget his troubles partying with Agustín
51 while his ex-girlfriend Lali kisses
other guys we have the images by the
way Agustín 51 continues to fight with
haters despite being on vacation
Juan guarnizo responds to an accusation
that he belongs to the elite he
claims  that the Dallas videos did not
affect him at all all that and much more
here on your favorite gossip channel What's
up my kids, I know you all see me a
little strange but for personal reasons
for about a week you
're going to get fed up with potassium or well,
maybe you won't get fed up with potassium and we'll
vary but the point is not to
lose your patience all this has a reason and for a few days I see myself obliged to record the videos like this but don't worry, I will not become a vtuber it would be the last thing I would do before scamming you if you didn't know me I am Javier Oliveira or Banana Oliveira and on
this channel you will find out about all the
gossip and all the gossip of your
youtubers streamers and all the
viral things that happen on the internet before
anywhere else this will be your
favorite gossip channel You just have to
subscribe which is completely
free by activating the bell to
find out about all the videos that I upload you have to
press the
like button so that the videos
look good because if not the videos
look terrible  In addition to that I will be
giving you a video game in each video You
just have to pay attention
Because at any moment Random
when you least expect it
a code will appear on the screen that you can redeem
without further delay I will not entertain you much
longer make yourself comfortable And let's get down to business I
know you're going to tell me that I am a big
jerk but today's video
Dallas has been masterful he has beaten him up he has given
ibai Llanos a good beating and the noble giant
had left it for him on this occasion
How does it occur to ibai to jump and
put on a medal condemning Luis rubiales
for the nonsense that
Luis rubiales is condemning and act
indignant saying that we
Spaniards are going through a lot of embarrassment because
of Luis rubiales when he has
covered up and paid a salary and
made Goku the protagonist in his main event who
in case you don't know is a boy who
slept with a girl who was
too drunk that the next day she
didn't remember what had happened
and he took a naked picture of her while
the girl was unconscious and  He
passed it on to his friends to the point that the
photo ended up going viral and he is there
being aware of this whole thing, not
only did he not come out to condemn him but he
continued to be his friend and made him the
protagonist of the evening causing
many
content creators who depend on eating from
participating in device events and
collaborating on their series to have to keep
quiet and avoid the subject for fear of
reprisals And the thing is that ibai has no
right to be outraged by this I tell you the
truth I have nothing personal against
ibai but honestly in this he
seems to me the most false hypocrite that I have
thrown in my face I do not understand what is
behind all this for which iba and has
allowed his event to be tarnished, his
reputation to be tarnished I think it has
even cost him sponsors I do not know if it is
stubbornness to contradict
Dallas or because Goku has done some
kind of blackmail in some way Or there is
something about ibai that cannot be known but it makes
no sense what ibai did
and this mistake I think will haunt him
for life Dallas has been in charge of
reminding him of this episode and  remind him
what his place is every time he wants to
beat his chest with morals and
Bye is the most hypocritical thing there is
many of you already know this and have
realized this very obvious information
that what it really is about the
coscu case and really proves a lot is that
influencers are capable of
justifying whitewashing or not condemning
whoever they want in order to keep
their job, melting the photo of a girl
who was unconscious under the effects
of drugs examples and after having
had relations with her while she was already
unconscious and not remembering
absolutely anything conversations
which I am not going to show you
the video yet has already been recorded of a person
who was a friend of coscu and coscu was
telling him this person that ibai had
told him or rather coscu that I
was not denouncing coscu for the things that
coscu was doing but because I
wanted to destroy ibai it's like
[Music]
and wow Not only the most hypocritical thing there
is but also The most self-centered thing there is
but the evening matters less to me
than  nothing since that's what we started talking
about the rubiales case
from FIFA after Well the
embarrassment and the horrible ridicule that he
is putting us all through and then one
thing also
this unmitigated attitude I was one of
those who was applauding yesterday haven't we
all gone completely crazy
I don't understand anything
energetically and you open Stream just
to say this nonsense but
on top of that you want the bald guy rubiales to
lose his job forever ibai the one who
gave him a salary and made
coscu the main event a guy who
spread the photo of an
unconscious girl who had had
relations with her and she didn't even
remember while she screamed time help
while they were supposedly
having relations all this in an
absolutely public case that was going there
makes it the Main event
I remind you that he was going and he was also there For
the last few years also laughing that
I was going to lose my job
forever I take this opportunity to remind you when
ibai from his Super Cool Group of streamers
to two people only for giving likes
to girls who had only literally
This was until he condemned them publicly
saying I don't know how  he had gone too far You've already
done it as I was telling you I was going and he made it easy for him
and
gave Dallas this assortment of bags
first of all he reminded him of his
behavior With Brunenger who is one
of Goku's friends who also come
from Argentina to whom he went and asked for applause
after the behavior that
this one has that I think is a little worse
than that of Rubiales Ibai I don't know if he will
agree with me After seeing this
video, this case for example, maybe
you will remember
Give me a peck no, I have a boyfriend and the
other saying it's okay, he
says on the cheek and look now
incredible eh what ibai will have to say
to this friend of his who made an
unauthorized kiss he will call it embarrassing
he will ask for
this abusive little friend from
Costco to be fired forever By the way, let's see what he
had to say and you go about this guy
called Brunenger friends, male and female, he
has an applause
Anger applause Wait, on
top of that he invited him to the
year 3 evening
the meeting of the false  feminists and
abusers bravo bravo and Bye Bravo I mean
either he steals a kiss or insults them for
not giving him a kiss
[Applause]
on the other hand he has also reminded
ibai of some tweets that are good I had
n't seen them but they don't
surprise me at all applauding that in
his country the right wing didn't win any
seats in those elections that year and
yet he doesn't care there he goes there that
political parties like bildu do have seats one of the worst
people who has ever set foot in the world streamer
and the worst thing is that he is the number one in
Spanish speaking right now a guy of
this level a guy so so repulsive and
capable of doing so many double morals in
so many ways that if you agree with his
political turdista garbage he is capable of
doing anything posting tweets like
proud of my land of a tweet
saying that the right wing parties
had zero seats in the Basque Country and
he said proud of my land so
proud that you are that in your land those
who got seats and quite a few  right
now it was bildu bildu which for
those who don't know is the political arm of
ETA the terrorist organization that
killed more than 800 people in
Spain for his part coscua has given an
interview in a media outlet
in which he talks again about his funa and
again completely denies it all
lies he says that he has a ton of
evidence that he never had to release that would
completely deny everything that has been
said about him I would love to
know why he didn't have to release
that evidence if I think that it has been one of
the most talked about topics of the year and his
image has been marked forever
once again this shows that
coscu has no intention of
taking legal action against Dallas or
against anyone who has accused him of
doing what we have all seen because
because that would give him a sentence and we would
have an official document from a
court that would surely put a
name to what he did That at the moment he does
not have any name in any
sentence let's go that it could backfire on him
As the saying goes
the only way he says he would
defend himself with that  supposed evidence
he has is if the girl takes
legal action against him Something that surely
has Of course it will not be possible due to
some agreement he has with her or
whatever we are not going the girl does not
want to go out anywhere and he is
clear about that and plays with that the
only ones who are talking bad about me are
people who do not know me Latin America
was moving around me even with
a Twitter infected with people accusing me
of things but that did not happen during
my entire life what happens is that never at a
level as serious as accusing of such an
atrocity I do not know that your content is
for children and is an idiot and another thing that with that I
lived with my entire life and I do not give a
ball you know But when you
have to explain to your old lady, she looks
more on the internet it is said that I am already that is
another minor I did not jump to
defend myself either and I had everything to defend myself
Who is going to have more than me to
defend myself from something like that but it was it was the
problem First of all, that Stream I
always appreciated them, I always said that they do what they
have to do, I will take it and
when I have a real problem
because  that shouldn't even be a
problem I would be there to answer it in
the appropriate way when
someone wants to do harm if it was with
malice they give it and give it and give it and give
that subject and the countries of climate and give it and
legal there was nothing there was never anything
because of course on social networks everyone
is But I was always waiting that
if someone Had something to tell me that I would
do it the right way and there never
was but there was not even close to having
a problem of that style we were
prepared for it to happen it
suited us eventually that I mean to be able to
Show everything we have but to jump
to clarify something where there was none Let's say
like you didn't do it, I mean on the other
hand he was also commenting on something that
surprises me On the one hand But on the other hand I don't
know what you all think and that is that
Goku confirms that at this moment he is not
friends with Ibai that they are no longer friends
[Music]
that after the evening he congratulated him
very well very good fight but that he has not
wanted to know anything about him again How do
you interpret what you are
hearing and he goes and he had to put his
chest to the bullets that rained down because of  mine
in quotes although I didn't
do anything putting up with all of that wore down
our relationship a lot unintentionally and we
are not friends unfortunately I don't
try but regardless that
everyone I ask
tells me that he doesn't answer them either he
congratulates me after the evening he also
tells me you did a great hit thanks for having
participated
or rather let's say everything ended well and there is
like a friendship but well people
keep asking all the time Che
When are you going to do something together How are
you doing with IVA and all that I think
everything is really good nobody has anything
against the other person but it is very
difficult to reach him many people
will remember Carlos or maybe not
but he was the boy who was caught in
quotes kissing alias and cora was the
boy for whom all the bomb came out
because this boy has given an interview in the last few days with
mosto papi he has done an
interview with moto papi who by the
way no streamer has visited him again
since he was going and he canceled it they
were commenting on
risqué things like for example on one occasion
a girl from only told moto
papi that she would do  things with them with the
twins with the two they didn't think about it for
a minute and ran up to Andorra
to meet this girl and they were
both doing things with her We
individually are two animals, I mean it wo
n't be because of size because it is something like that
okay but it is because of perseverance it is having
balls to live man We are two
animals and when we get together we are two
beasts you can go to a
basketball game but we have to be there for
us anyway we can have it but we
put it in the girl who came out in the habit
said that her fantasy is to do it with the
twins
I love that the anti opens from
behind and that they are the same
my goodness when I saw that this nice,
pleasant, beautiful girl said that she wanted to
do or that she had the Fantasy with the
two of us The only thing I can say
is that I saw it at 8 in the afternoon at
4 in the morning we were already in the
two of us in Andorra
Carlos claims that he has been with four
onlyfans models with six
famous singers with 9 tiktokers with more than
400,000 followers with two
elite actresses the series
[Music]
with a monster face says it all
I hope it's not Esther Expósito no
what do you think I'm one of
your best friends so I've
seen many many
things and I know who you've been with I know
the things you upload with those people
How many onlyfans girls that have
appeared on my channel have you been
worth four okay four So yes
singers the singers I don't know why it
's my specialty singers the same 6 6
singers six well-known tokers or
influencers have more than
400,000 more than 400,000 8 9 9 Sorry 99
How many very well-known actresses have
appeared in the elite have you been
two of the elite when I saw it sir I didn't
say anything to you but the level of respect was
maximum be honest were you freaking out or not were you freaking out
Felipe and to end this talk I
asked moto papi a question that I
think moto papi didn't feel very well
answering but he answered it
forcefully Carlos asked
moto papi what he would do if his partner
was unfaithful to him with Goku pay attention to the
answer of  musto daddy would be if on
a night out at the club you see coscu
making out with your partner Look listen to
me they pass me listen to me this is serious they
pass me a video a vertical video
where garashi is making out with coscu and
me and I'm going straight to the police
myself eh I'm going to the police and I'm writing to them
Come arrest me in an hour I'll arrest you
in an hour I'm at such and such a
place in Madrid and nothing there nothing they're
breaking their knees a little easy easy
easy I think that the evening 5 is not the watch
wanted to speak out regarding the
latest controversies that you've had
lately in Andorra And it's that you already
know that they cancelled it we were
talking about it in the last video in
quotes to say something about the
Andorran police that they were touching each other's balls with both
hands because there wasn't much of a
problem there which in truth I don't think
is that big of a deal and in fact it's good no I
mean that the police have to be very
calm and with little work because not
many criminal things happen I wish it
were always like this on the one hand he
defended  thelox for recording the shot of
his butt doing a live in
Andorra with my friend delux and his girlfriend and
this happens and this happens nothing nothing nothing
everything correct everything good Do
n't be an [ __ ] You're welcome friends, you're welcome
friends the streamers who recently Ok they
signed me he filmed my whole ass on
full screen friend that one I don't have an
ass that's that big so Magnate and so
colossal so voluptuous so voluminous
so you understand me so so giant
Monumental titanic you understand me and I
said friend What an ass I have on the
other side why is there so much fuss about
an ass it's an ass it's my ass it's
okay but no it's not going to melt the kid's head off it's
not going to melt the kid's head off if after
that I recorded his ass too It's
okay I laugh at it and nothing an
anecdotal also he spoke again about
Hey that he receives and continues to affirm
that she did not scam anyone he says that everything will be
very clear in the podcast
when they come out in the next few days make
the eggs in parentheses like me
saying What's up the clip is this one I don't know  they
scratch their balls but for good
reasons over there in Latin America they also
scratch their balls very different the
shoulders while they [ __ ] on you crying and
Bruno for example they robbed him in the
car guy they broke the window of the
car and they robbed him crazy live
well basically That's the clip What's
wrong people the police of Andorra They got
mad at me according to second
published it a group of
Andorran police officers and they were all outraged
it was a lady who [ __ ] to the oxx
to the private telling him that it was
disrespectful but if we are telling them that
Andorra is so safe that the
police can cut their balls dude let's
see I don't know when it's going to come out but
delux told me that they don't
have the teaser yet the teaser is going to
premiere exclusively on my
secondary channel in Javier canijo I imagine
that the day after tomorrow or around there it will be I will
inform you but we are pending
subscribe to Javier canijo to stay
tuned because we are going to premiere it there
exclusively okay even if it's with these
looks Javi el canijo The teaser is going to come out there
delux has  said that this
podcast is in his top 1 that the ending is
epic and well I'm calculating without him
telling me the date what it will be on
Sunday by logic or I mean by logic he already
has it edited he already has it prepared
But he's not going to premiere it on a Friday or
a Saturday he'll train it on Sunday So
what I'm telling you is worth stay tuned
to my secondary channel Because at
any moment when he lets me know we go
live and we premiere the
teaser and we comment on it herself She's very
sure that her image is going to be
completely clean in that interview
So we will be attentive and it will be
understood that I already doubt this
until I see the podcast that she is
not a bad person you are a bad person you are a
bad person a while ago the
comments how I want to forgive cheer up
but this photo 30 thousand dollars and she lied
30,000 times and it's like Man you
're just repeating what you heard do you
understand me or rather I hope that with the
podcast you can understand
these things a little because the truth is that
nobody is ugly guys and this scammed
this photo on fire  it is a
misinterpretation and it is a
resounding misinformation,
nobody would be there, it is not ugly, nobody, check it,
nobody would be there, it is misinformation that
people said it as if they were out of sorts and
when someone tries to deny it,
Marina, they insult. Nobody can say Che or
bother anyone that you are, they insult, that's
how they go, it is so fashionable to insult me ​​and
defame me and say things that are not true, that
everyone supports her, it is a jerk, it is
a jerk, it's like, but well, nothing, I
have faith that after the podcast this
situation will be reversed, I have faith that
after the podcast of this situation that a
scammer and such, after I
go to dinner, he will tell things and nothing,
they are going to stop a little because of the scammer and
say that [ __ ] that is not true,
really, I have not done anything worse than
other people who have done things a thousand
times worse, but I do not make videos for them.
Because videos come out, those people do not get
visits, even in the title, not even
Mora took a [ __ ], courage, it will get visits, that's why it
seems that I am recolémica. But it is not
like that and you go angry, angry because it is that
shitty conception that I
am controversial all day long.  and no it's not like that it's that
if you're looking for controversy all the
gossip channels rejoice over my
corpse like vultures it's like that Which podcast is
going to be son so as not to lose them I went to
Andorra exclusively to go do
a podcast in person it's going to come out for I
had confirmed the date
for the teaser well it's going to come out in
September but it's going to come out at the
beginning of September in less than a
week so you have an idea in less
than a week the podcast is going to come out and it's going to
come out on the channel without fear of success
podcast this that made me was the first
person who gave me a space and an
opportunity to speak because all this
other one had the opportunity to
insult me ​​denigrate me
criticize me marginalize me make me
[ __ ] and streaming on the ground in an
unjustified and disproportionate way but nobody
gave me the space to speak because
give me the space to speak implied
being a sin or implied whitewashing a
scammer or whatever and when it never
went away like that and it's infuriating it's infuriating the
culture the cancellation in the sense that of
course canceling is totally
allowed and insulting informative but
of course when  the person tries to
defend herself from those lies no no no no no no don't
let her speak they upload it she's
called insulting and mistreating and
destroying until she can't take it anymore she's
cancelled because the person doesn't have she doesn't
have the right to speak she only
has the right to speak to the haters and
whoever defends the person is a zinc and
social acceptance if you throw
gypsyism at her you're based today you
're totally based That's the issue
then that social sensation visits
Obviously the channels are convenient
leasicora has reappeared on Stream
after the latest moves you already know
that she disappeared for a while after I
caught her starting with other guys
Carlos precisely this one we
talked about a few minutes ago here on this
same newscast and after the
controversy has calmed down a bit and the
issue has cooled down and has been forgotten
a bit also taking into
account that every week a new controversy comes out
and this one has already been overshadowed by the
whole Ricky Eddy and Lali issue
which by the way Elías and cora supported Lia yes
cora has  took the opportunity to organize his
return on Twitch
better than the great [ __ ] says that his
live is going to be about fortnite which is what they
were about although it is not known
if the Just chatting section they
had with Jonathan is going to return or he is going to
omit it I have two things to announce
But I'm afraid to announce it because there is
no date yet if there is a date for one thing and that is that I will
return to the other Twitch live on
September 1st on September 1st
we return to the daily Twitch pigs I
will be back to being me quietly
enjoying the games that I found out
that in fortnite new season I can't wait to
play fortnite and wow in his
live today he wanted to answer some
of the chicks that Greg has been hitting on him you
know that the two of them lately have been making
innuendos each time raising
the tone a bit in this last pull that Greg
would be throwing at ibai regarding
koi indirectly also catches Piqué a
pull that was going and wanted to
completely ignore and move on to something else let's see people
what are you telling me out there about grezca
please you are in the loop a  little bit I mean
you're short on time I
bet you if she moved it we've already
seen the tweet 5 hours ago a message
to ibai a clip ibai if you're
watching me get out of there dude get out of there because you have
n't looked for yourself and Bye ibai if you're
watching me a second let's watch the clip of
Greg watching get out of there dude get out of there
because you haven't looked for yourself The Partners that
you deserve and that reward all the
effort that you're making for koi okay okay I'm out I'm out I'm out I'm out okay I'm out let's
turn on the for night it's a
truth and you're
often surrounded by people who are at least
questionable and who invite them to their
events and also to participate in their
team there are many people like Rio Boy and
other creators who contribute
absolutely nothing to this koi thing who are
a complete mistake Like for example this
skyne who more than contributing to the
content what they do I think is subtract
for example these two that I
mentioned have failed in their attempts
I have a little experience in that
field Of course If you consider failure
as experience some of them
costing a lot of money  ibai to his
company ending up being temporarily
suspended by ibai himself when he
realized that they are complete
failures but that all of you who are
watching this video know that this
suspension has no return time and
that it will be definitive it does not look like they will
ever return as you are
seeing in these images that we are
putting on screen Ricky Eddy has been
partying for several days with some
creator friends of his among which
is Agustín 51
Ricky Eddy looks very fresh in the
photos but although he is pretending this
in this photograph then in his
Instagram account he is throwing in hints with
melancholic songs
[Music]
Now I want to go out but how am I going to
find you love the secret formula of
laughter we play it
smoking drinking [ __ ] pretending that I do
not think about you anymore would be the one that
catches my attention the most By the way
Meanwhile Lali is also
drowning her sorrows And although she does not do it
on her Instagram account and last one that
deletes messages from a conversation so
that you do not see them we have
discovered some stories in
other accounts in which Lali  He's
making out with some friends, I imagine
they're friends he's really
close to
and meanwhile while they're out
partying, celebrating, vacationing and well,
boats, Agustín 51 keeps fighting with
the haters I'm putting
the images here next to it, stop the video
if you want to read it because I'm already
lazy Juan Guarnizo while playing
with the Dead wanted to deny that he
belonged to the elite or that they exercised
any power with the agency that according to some
comments would be directed by Ari's dad
Gameplays on YouTube
a video
that I don't remember who the video was
but really
It's okay they basically told him that
Harry's dad is the ceo of the elite
[Laughs]
well the elite is Randy the people
Mariana Rivers loves Philips Aldo and I
are the elite the others no no but they're
not sure if Donnabelardo
also has connections in Spain but
yes
friend
but he's
really good dude both affirm that If
that were the case or they used the agency in an
opportunistic or interested way they would not
invite people who  would fall bad
but the thing is that there are people who do
believe that it is real, I mean there are people who
believe that we are
evil magnates you know literally they ca
n't participate in the event 10
series or anything good maybe people do
n't invite them to the series because they don't like them
and that's it but
if this were the case you for
example would
n't invite [ __ ] because I wouldn't invite you know bro it's
normal with any
entertainment work if you don't like someone you do
n't invite them but not because
someone told me in one of these
videos in which the streamers start
reacting to this YouTube channel
called Kiss which is something like a
question questionnaire we have
done it on some occasions Sprint
was in the position of having to choose
between a Mystery box or appearing in a
Dallas review video so he
took the opportunity to affirm
that the videos he made of the review did
not affect his career at all
or whatever is in the
Mystery box anyway I left either it was not for a
big deal
okay family let's leave the
video here I hope  that it has been to
your liking that I imagine that if you have
reached this part it will be because
you have liked it, let me know in
the comments box and I will be very
attentive to your opinion on each and
every one of the topics that we have covered.
Remember that if you want to contribute something
to this channel and collaborate you can become
members just like in the other channels
or you can leave a super thank you which is the
same with super chat in the live shows
but here in the videos and it is not
bad at all. Also, when you give a super thank you
I answer absolutely everyone.
Okay, if you want to talk to me there or
whatever and I answer you, you do it
through the Super Thank Yous and nothing.
Congratulations, whoever has won the
video game there on the screen will be
putting the editor on how to redeem it. I
will be seeing you for a few days like this
Because right now I am not very visible
I hope it is not too much to your
dislike or that you do not like it too much,
but I have no other choice right now I can't
get on camera I send you a
huge hug and bye bye
[Music]